# Association Analysis
In this project, we implement Apriori and FP-growth,
two association analysis algorithms, from scatch.

## Build
It is a project generated by VS2017. So, it is easy to build if you have VS2017.
Otherwise, try compiling all the cpp files in the `AssociationAnalysis` folder
by the C++11 standard.

By default, our main function will analyse two datasets and print association rules
with pre-defined minimun support count and minimum confidence.

## Project hierarchy
### Interfaces
All the interfaces for association analysis are defined in `AssociationAnalysis.h`.
There are three parts:
- `DataLoader`, which defines the interface used by association analysis alogrithms
  for loading data. If you have other datasets to analyse, you must implement this interface. 
- Association analysis algorithms, including `Apriori` and `FP-Growth`,
  which accept a **DataLoader object** and **minimun support count**
  and return **frequent itemsets**.
- A `generatingAssociationRules` algorithm that generates **association rules** from the result
  returned by association analysis algorithms.

### Implementations
- Since we have three datasets, there are three classes that implement DataLoader
  respectively in:
  - `NaiveLoader.h/cpp`
  - `GroceriesLoader.h/cpp`
  -  `UnixUsageLoader.h/cpp`
- `Apriori` is implemented in `Apriori.cpp` while `FP-Growth` is in `FPGrowth.cpp`.
- `generatingAssociationRules` is implemented in `AssociationRule.cpp`
  
## Dataset
For further infomation, see `AssociationAnalysis/dataset/<dateset-name>/README`.
